President, are you all right?
You always come out at the last minute, don't you?
Sorry, CEO, I'm late
The old lady stopped me many times on the way.
We're here without the old lady
Sheng said that grandma has been helping Yuan Sheng all the time.
It's all life
All belong to his village
He wants to kill you
I want to have a share
This has nothing to do with me.
10 degrees ahead
When I was shot by my intelligence and hit Nangong Ye
Why didn't I expect today?
I was blinded by Zhu Yong
President Nangong
You, you adults don't remember villains
Please let me go.
Nangong Night
You just had better luck than me for a day
Next time I will kill you
It turns out that you planned it all
Hello vicious mind
Don't be complacent.
If I had known, I would have just brought your clothes earlier.
Ah!
Since the real brother has caught the wild car pillar
Send him to the orange
No mercy is intentional
For a little thing, you actually kill each other
Hit your own brother?